                    PHASEX License Information
------------------------------------------------------------------------

All included PHASEX patches created by William Weston
<weston@sysex.net> and are released into the public domain.

All source code and audio samples Copyright (C) 1999-2009 William
Weston <weston@sysex.net> and others (see AUTHORS), released under the
terms of the GNU General Public License version 2 (see GPL-v2.txt),
with the following clarifications:

The use of PHASEX to create new patches and compositions of sound out
of its included patches and samples is considered fair use of free
software, and these patches and compositions are not necessarily
considered derivative works of PHASEX, and thus are not necessarily
subject to the terms of the GNU General Public License.

For the purposes of redistribution and direct modification, raw audio
sample files are considered part of the PHASEX source code and are
subject to the same terms of the GNU General Public License.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at
your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307,
USA.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
